---
layout: base.njk
hero__title: "Ho detto!"
hero__sub: "Chi parte con la squadra gioca..."
cssFile: "home.css"
---

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Odit cum
dolores ex iusto est consectetur nisi laboriosam esse, eius cupiditate
quidem autem vel aliquid magnam commodi molestias qui beatae eos!
Lorem ipsum dolor sit, amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Rem eum,
quam alias explicabo recusandae, dicta harum consequuntur fuga
excepturi exercitationem error? Quidem inventore vero nulla asperiores
totam ex aut? Harum!

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Odit cum
dolores ex iusto est consectetur nisi laboriosam esse, eius cupiditate
quidem autem vel aliquid magnam commodi molestias qui beatae eos!
Lorem ipsum dolor sit, amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Rem eum,
quam alias explicabo recusandae, dicta harum consequuntur fuga
excepturi exercitationem error? Quidem inventore vero nulla asperiores
totam ex aut? Harum!

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Odit cum
dolores ex iusto est consectetur nisi laboriosam esse, eius cupiditate
quidem autem vel aliquid magnam commodi molestias qui beatae eos!
Lorem ipsum dolor sit, amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Rem eum,
quam alias explicabo recusandae, dicta harum consequuntur fuga
excepturi exercitationem error? Quidem inventore vero nulla asperiores
totam ex aut? Harum!
